Add warning about multiple regions (#1924)
vercel/docs: components/references-mdx/configuration/configuration/configuration.mdx

## regions

<Note type="warning">

>   Deploying Serverless Functions to multiple regions is limited to [Enterprise plans](/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Deploying Serverless Functions to multiple regions is limited to <Link href="/pricing">Enterprise plans</Link>.
```

  "regions": ["sfo1", "bru"]
}`}</Code>

<Note type="warning">

>   Deploying Serverless Functions to multiple regions is limited to our Entreprise Plan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Deploying Serverless Functions to multiple regions is limited to [Enterprise plans](/pricing).
```
